---
title: Day 14 🍒
date: 2020-12-21 23:20:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-22 00:43:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux]
description: START DOING WORK ALREADY
---

## 📩 Check-in

I need to figure out where I am spending time post working hours. What am I doing which is occupying most of my time?

I think I'll start maintaining a written log of what I do before 10 am and post 6:30 pm every day. This way, some form of accoutability will be maintained.

### 🦸🏻 Productivity superhero

Today's exercise helps invalid some of the excuses people tend to make as a means to avoid change. The three that I can associate with the most are:

1. **Things are getting tough**: Things almost always get tough after a certain point, but it's important not to give up—the more challenging the work, the more satisfying the reward.
2. **I don't have energy**: This one is more to do with my lack of consistent sleep patterns than anything. The author suggested that I "go to bed at 10 PM. Wake up at 5 AM. Use the time between 5 AM and 7 AM to take a walk, exercise, drink water, and eat a healthy breakfast."
3. **No one will help me**: The author contradicts this statement by throwing light over the idea that people who state this are usually those who don't ask for help. To add to the argument, it's also essential to ask the right questions and the correct number of questions. Asking too many or generic questions to experts or seniors will eventually irritate them.

## ✅ Things I learned today:

1. Read day 5 of "Productivity Superhero"

## 📚 Three things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue/Start writing an App review
2. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
3. Finish reading the Lean Analytics Cycle article
4. Practice writing up metrics for a lemonade stand as an exercise for yourself
5. Learn how to use `tmux`
6. Read Pragmarketism