---
title: Day 11 🍓
date: 2020-12-18 10:20:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-18 00:20:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux]
description: Efficiency, Efficiency, Efficiency
usemathjax: true
---

## 📩 Check-in

Work ate up most of my day today so I couldn't do much outside of it.

### 🏃‍♀️ Efficiency

I stayed up last night a little longer than I should have. This is not because I was working more than necessary, but instead because I didn't plan my tasks well, nor did I execute them effectively.  I underestimated the time required to do my tasks, which ultimately led me to procrastinate and stay up late.

An important concept called the "Fudge-Ratio" recommended by Thomas Frank[^1][^2] can help me mitigate that:

> "The Fudge Ratio is the difference between your estimation and reality"

Use historical data to understand how much time you spend planning a task vs. how long it took you to complete it. E.g., you set a plan to spend 30 minutes cleaning your attic, but in reality, it took you 45 minutes.

Your fudge ratio is then[^3]:

$$ \frac{45}{30} = 1.5 $$

### 🦸🏻 Productivity superhero

> “We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons” – Jim Rohn

Today's exercise is a bit comprehensive, but the objective is to identify areas where I might not be disciplined. I've listed out a few here:

- I don't wake up on the same time everyday.
- I'm a bit overweight. I have a BMI of 25 which is considered overweight.
- I need to clean my room.
- I need to learn to exercise every day.
- I need to stay focused for longer durations.
- I eat too much junk food.
- I need to focus on the tasks I've planned out for the day.

## ✅ Things I learned today:

1. Read day 2 of "Productivity Superhero"

## 📚 Three things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue/Start writing an App review
2. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
3. Finish reading the Lean Analytics Cycle article
4. Practice writing up metrics for a lemonade stand as an exercise for yourself
5. Learn how to use `tmux`
6. Read Pragmarketism with the objective of finishing it over the weekend

## Footnotes

[^1]: <div class="footnote">A blog by Thomas Frank - <a href="https://collegeinfogeek.com/never-run-late-again/#utilize-a-fudge-ratio" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Never Run Late Again</a></div>
[^2]: <div class="footnote">Adopted from Steve Pavlina's <a href="http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2008/05/how-to-make-accurate-time-estimates/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">blog post</a></div>
[^3]: <div class="footnote">Special thanks to Zichen (Vincent) Zhang's blog on <a href="http://webdocs.cs.ualberta.ca/~zichen2/blog/coding/setup/2019/02/17/how-to-add-mathjax-support-to-jekyll.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">How to add mathjax support to jekyll</a></div>