---
title: Day 37 🧅
date: 2021-02-03 10:57:00 +05:30
modified: 2021-02-04 14:10:00 +05:30
tags: [Data Science, Philosophy]
description: Need to re-calibrate
---

## 📩 Check-in

Late on the update today, but I'm sure I can make this one count. There are a few things I need to think about before I proceed further with the addition of any tasks:

1. I need to put everything down on a calendar on Sunday. 
   1. The calendar will help me estimate how much time I can allocate to each activity rather than bombarding myself with an enormous number of tasks and not doing them.
   2. E.g., Kudos to finishing the OnePlus review in one day, but I can't spend an entire day on reviews. I ended up staying up till 2 am trying to finish it, which ruined my next morning. I wasn't able to get up to jog.
2. Need to list out what are the essential tasks to do for applying to a good master's program
   1. I picked up the philosophy course on Coursera wasn't very helpful and is using up my time
   2. I have a list of blog articles in a backlog. I won't/can't add any more to the list. Let me finish those I've listed out and focus on other tasks post that.
   3. I can't commit to far too many projects without finishing those I've already planned for.

So in retrospective, lets plan and finish what's already set for this week rather than adding more things!

## ✅ Things I learned today:

1. Read poor economics for 15 minutes
2. Formatted a paper I wanted to publish to <a href="https://eartharxiv.org/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">eartharxiv.org</a>.

## 📚 Things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue Philosophy course [20% complete, 4 weeks of coursework remaining]
2. Start working on this data science problem – <a href="https://www.hackerearth.com/challenges/competitive/hackerearth-deep-learning-challenge-holidays/problems/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Deep Learning Holiday Challenge</a> [0% complete, 1.5 weeks remaining]
3. Continue writing NLP paper [9% complete, finish this by Feb 28th]
4. Read Poor Economics for 30 minutes [104/356 pages = 30% complete, finish this by end of Feb]