---
title: Day 33 🌽
date: 2021-01-19 23:52:00 +05:30
modified: 2021-01-20 00:10:00 +05:30
tags: [Philosophy, Data Science]
description: Back to the basics
usemathjax: true
---

## 📩 Check-in

So, I slept a bit late yesterday night due to a midnight sale on Amazon. I'll probably end up doing the same tonight. Sleeping late directly impacted my ability to get up early and thereon ruin the rest of the day and schedule.

Additionally, another thing I'm missing out on is my ability to stick to a schedule. I need to break the cycle of not studying after work hours. I have a list of tasks planned out according to my calendar, and I need to execute them. One solution was to take a shower immediately after work to feel fresh–I’ll continue doing that. The next is to start Pomodoro sessions right after and time box my dinner, shower, leisure, etc. 

I’ll try and aim for 3 Pomodoro sessions after work tomorrow. Each one is 25 minutes long, hence the total study time will be 75 minutes.

$$ 25 \times 3 = 75 $$

## ✅ Things I learned today:

1. Watched one video from the Philosophy course
2. Read a little bit through papers

## 📚 Things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue Philosophy course [20% complete, 4 weeks of coursework remaining]
2. Start working on this data science problem – <a href="https://www.hackerearth.com/challenges/competitive/hackerearth-deep-learning-challenge-holidays/problems/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Deep Learning Holiday Challenge</a> [0% complete, 1.5 weeks remaining]
3. Continue writing NLP paper [9% complete, finish this by Feb 28th]
4. Find algorithms for new image processing paper
   1. Find a bunch of videos to pass through the algorithms
   2. List evaluation metrics for them as well
5. Read Poor Economics for 30 minutes [65/356 pages = 17% complete, finish this by next month]