---
title: Day 18 ðŸŽ„
date: 2020-12-25 23:20:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-26 00:25:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux, Web Design, Data Science]
description: Merry Christmas!
---

## ðŸ“© Check-in

Merry Christmas ðŸŽ„ readers!

Today was fun as a significant chunk of my time was spent eating, sleeping, and relaxing.

I did manage to get some light reading done, albeit it was during the late evening. The sluggishness was expected given that today was Christmas.

### ðŸ¦¸ðŸ» Productivity superhero

Today's lesson was on organization and discipline. The primary purpose of today's exercise is to understand the difference between effectiveness and efficiency. As described by the author:

> "Effectiveness means doing things well and fast. Efficiency means doing the right things."

The main takeaway of this exercise is to replan my To-Do list. Task priorities should be assigned based on the output they produce. Furthermore, it is also essential to evaluate the weightage of this output in my life.

## âœ… Things I learned today:

1. Read day 8 of productivity superhero.
2. Started learning about `tmux`.
3. Finished chapter 2 of pragmarketism

## ðŸ“š Three things to learn tomorrow:

After looking at my calendar, these are the tasks in chronoligical order:

1. Learn how to use `tmux`
2. Lean Analytics Cycle article
   1. Finish reading the article
   2. Practice writing up metrics for a lemonade stand as an exercise for yourself
3. What does `rel` in an anchor tag do (HTML)
4. Read Poor Economics
5. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
6. FLIP App Review
7. Read Natural Language Processing (NLP) papers

The activities are timeboxed, so fingers crossed that this works out.