---
title: Day 20 🥥
date: 2020-12-27 15:24:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-27 23:10:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux, Web Design, Data Science]
description: Good progress
---

## 📩 Check-in

Made some decent progress today. But didn't anticipate a couple of chores today which disrupted my schedule.

I woke up late and deviated from my tasks, but I ultimately started doing some work. However, towards late evening, I began getting distracted again. One of the primary reasons might be a decadent dinner. Usually, most meals, I tend to get lazy and start watching Netflix. I'll try going for a light walk post heavy meals as a means to assuage lethargy.

### 🦸🏻 Productivity superhero

Today's exercise focuses on shifting our productivity paradigm and moving to new efficient ones. I won't list out all the new paradigms that productive people abide. Instead, I'll state the paradigms I want to put an effort in:

* Managing my energy correctly instead of managing my time: this means scheduling tasks in such a manner that I don't mentally drain myself early on. Furthermore, it also means avoiding tasks such as shopping that tend to induce decision fatigue early on during the day.
* Taking shorter and more wholesome breaks rather than long distracting ones, e.g., going for a walk, doing push-ups, etc. rather than surfing social media.

Lastly, continue to log down my day to understand where majority of the time gets wasted. 

### What is `rel` in HTML?

* An attribute of the anchor `a` tag
* The `rel` attribute specifies the relationship between the current document and the linked document.
* Only used if the `href` attribute is present.
* the `noopener` attribute value prevents your site from cross site hacking
  * prevents the linked document from altering javascript properties on the original site
  * E.g.:

```html
<a rel="noopener" href="http://www.functravel.com/">Cheap Flights</a>
```

**Sources**: 
1. [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_rel.asp)
2. [Wordpress for beginners](https://www.wpbeginner.com/beginners-guide/what-is-relnoopener-in-wordpress-explained/)

## ✅ Things I learned today:

1. Lean Analytics Cycle article
   1. Finished reading the article
   2. Practiced an exercise for a lemonade stand
2. What does `rel` in an anchor tag do (HTML)
3. Read Poor Economics
4. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
5. Read day 10 of productivity superhero

## 📚 Three things to learn tomorrow:

These are the things I'll be focusing on after my work tomorrow. I've reduced the number of things to learn as a means to make the goal more attainable.

1. FLIP App Review
2. Read Natural Language Processing (NLP) papers
3. Read Poor Economics