---
title: Day 15 🍑
date: 2020-12-22 22:20:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-22 23:43:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux]
description: Hmmm...
---

## 📩 Check-in

I made some excellent progress today. I wrote down a log of things I was doing before and after work, and after a glance, most of my time was going into Netflix, window shopping (online), or on YouTube 🍿. I should probably stop doing that.

Sleeping 😴 at the same time should be my priority right now as well as waking up and exercising 💪 early morning 🌇.

### 🦸🏻 Productivity superhero

Today's exercise was essentially a summary of what happened over the past five days. The author has asked me to answer the following questions to understand how well I navigated the past week:

1. **On how many days (out of 5) did you practice the exercise for each lesson? (0-5)** > All five
2. **How many minutes, on average, did it take you to complete the daily exercise?** > Roughly 15 minutes per day, and an additional 15 minutes (at least) to write up the blog.
3. **What topic from these first five days have you found most relevant or revealing? Why?** > "The higher purpose that fuels Discipline" was my favorite topic of them all as it forces me to look at my goals over the next decade—something I'm still holding off.
4. **How happy are you with the progress you've made? (1 – not happy at all; 10 – very happy) What was required to happen so that your score would have been 1-2 points higher?** > Five. I would want to complete at least 2-3 of the tasks listed in <a href="../Day-11/#-productivity-superhero" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Day 11 🍓</a>.
5. **How dedicated are you to continue to improve your level of organization and discipline? (1 – not at all; 10 – very dedicated)** > Five. I should start getting more disciplined, starting with my sleep. I'll try and sleep before 12 today.

## ✅ Things I learned today and yesterday:

1. Completed day 6 of productivity superhero
2. Read Pragmarketism
   1. Chapter 1 complete
   2. Need to understand the definition of some the words as the book uses quite the vocabulary
3. Started reading a new book, <a href="https://www.publicaffairsbooks.com/titles/abhijit-v-banerjee/poor-economics/9781610391603/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">"Poor Economics"</a> by Abhijit V. Banerjee and Esther Duflo.

## 📚 Three things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue writing an App review
2. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
3. Finish reading the Lean Analytics Cycle article
4. Practice writing up metrics for a lemonade stand as an exercise for yourself
5. Learn how to use `tmux`
6. Finish understanding underlined words in chapter 1 and finish chapter 2 in Pragmarketism
7. Read the "Trapped in poverty?" in Poor Economics
8. What does `rel` in an anchor tag do (HTML)