---
title: Day 10 🍇
date: 2020-12-17 10:20:00 +05:30
modified: 2020-12-18 00:20:00 +05:30
tags: [GRE, Analytics, Linux]
description: This one's a bit long...
---

## 📩 Check-in

### New Sleep Routine

Woke up a bit early today: <br>
🛌 Slept at around 1:10 AM <br>
☀️ Woke up around 7:20 AM <br>

Six hours of sleep doesn't seem reasonable. I felt groggy mid-day and couldn't jog nearly as much as I usually do. I should try and fall asleep earlier, maybe around ~~11:30 pm~~. Due to some work, I think I'll have to end up sleeping later than usual. 

### Productivity superhero

I've began reading the book "Productivity Superhero" by Dan Luca (<a href="https://rupapublications.co.in/books/productivity-superhero-become-the-most-organized-and-disciplined-person-you-know/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Link</a>). The book explores a series of day-wise tasks to be followed that help you become organized and disciplined. I'm currently on Day 1, and the way the book defines "Discipline" really resonates with me:

> "Self-discipline is the ability to get yourself to take action regardless of your emotional state...(it also) helps you evolve little by little every day."

The above is a combination of Steve Pavlina's[^1] and Dan Luca's definitions. Dan continues to explain the ramifications of his approach, and the ones that best represent my state are:

- inability to respect personal deadlines for "learning."
- working overtime due to a lack of organization 
- not being as effective at my work as I can be[^2]

Dan finishes each chapter with a list of To-Dos. I've decided to share the same list with you, my audience[^3]:
1. Find your definition of Discipline:
   1. "I feel I'm disciplined when I jog every day" 
   2. "I feel I'm disciplined when I finish the tasks I've planned out" 
   3. "I feel I'm disciplined when I wake up on time" 
2. Find your definition of organization.
   1. "I feel I'm organized when I've created a plan for myself"
   2. "I feel I'm organized when all my files are in the correct folders" 
   3. "I feel I'm organized when I meet my deadlines on time"

## ✅ Things I learned today and yesterday:

1. Finally finished the book "Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck"!
2. Read day 1 of "Productivity Superhero"
3. Watched a video series on UX Research Methods & Usability Testing <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJOFJ3Ok_idtiMTz8fAiF1ElcKJM7Rncj" target="_blank" rel="noopener">(Link)</a>

## 📚 Three things to learn tomorrow:

1. Continue/Start writing an App review (Watch out for the blog post this weekend!)
2. Try out some Math problems from your IIM CAT study material
3. Strengthen your understanding on the Lean Analytics Cycle
4. Practice writing up metrics for a lemonade stand as an exercise for yourself
5. Learn how to use tmux
6. Read Pragmarketism.

## Footnotes

[^1]: <div class="footnote">An American self-help author, motivational speaker, and entrepreneur.</div>
[^2]: <div class="footnote">By this, I mean finishing your work faster without compromising the integrity of your work.</div>
[^3]: <div class="footnote">Even though according to Google Analytics, there only seem to be one or two of you.</div>